c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Web.Optimization.WebForms.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.MSAjax.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.ScriptManager.WebForms.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Providers.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\pt-br\WebMatrix.Data.resources.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\pt-br\WebMatrix.WebData.resources.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\murilo\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
